---
layout: post
title:  25th November 2023 sakaar Murli
date: 2023-11-25 05:05:00
description: this is what included videos could look like
tags: formatting videos
categories: sample-posts
---


{% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/osrQowadDpo?si=w99MtxMdl4oGd1Iu" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}

<!-- <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iRUvrGvLpVk?si=IzKdeoJcs4H-x8J8" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div> -->

# Essence:
Sweet children, become nightingales of knowledge and continue to sing knowledge throughout the day and you will be able to show (reveal) your physical and spiritual mothers and fathers.



# Question:
It is said: Grind your own ingredients and your intoxication will rise. What is the meaning of this?

# Answer:
To grind your own ingredients means not to let your intellect’s yoga wander here and there, but to remember the one Father. If only the one Father remains in your intellect, your intoxication can rise. However, body consciousness causes a lot of obstacles in this. When some are even a little ill, they become distressed. They begin to remember their friends and relatives and this is why their intoxication doesn’t rise. If they were to stay in yoga, their pain would lessen.

# Essence for dharna:

1. In order to save yourself from Maya, a ghost, remain busy in this knowledge and yoga. Renounce the evil spirit of attachment and show the Father. Sing knowledge.

2. Pay full attention to studying and claim your inheritance from the Father. Under no circumstances should you lose this chance every cycle.

# Blessing:

**May you be the master of yourself by becoming rup and basant, that is, by being gyani and yogi according to the time.**

Those who are masters of themself can become rup when they want and basant when they want. They can create either of the two stages in a second. Let it not be that you want to become rup but that you keep remembering things of knowledge instead. Put a full stop in less than a second. A powerful brake works when it is applied. For this, practise stabilising your mind and intellect in whatever stage you want at whatever time you want. Let there be such controlling and ruling powers.

# Slogan:                        

A messenger of peace is one who gives the gift of peace to those who bring storms.