---
layout: post
title:  27th November 2023 sakaar Murli
date: 2023-11-27 05:05:00
description: this is what included videos could look like
tags: formatting videos
categories: sample-posts
---


{% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8l1_QmIFnMo?si=z5AAr9fr8KxNtzHb" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}

<!-- <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iRUvrGvLpVk?si=IzKdeoJcs4H-x8J8" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div> -->

# Essence:
Sweet children, during the day, perform actions for the livelihood of your bodies and sit down at night and churn this knowledge. Remember the Father. Make your intellects spin the discus of self-realisation and your intoxication will rise.

# Question:
Which children does Maya not allow to sit in remembrance?

# Answer:
Maya doesn't allow those to sit in remembrance whose intellects are trapped in someone or other, whose intellects are locked and who don't study well. They are unable to remain “Manmanabhav”. Then their intellects don't work for service either. Because of not following shrimat, they defame the Father’s name and deceive Him and so punishment has to be experienced.

# Essence for dharna:

1. Do the spiritual service of making human beings become like diamonds. Never let your intellect develop doubts and thereby stop studying. Remain a trustee.

2. While acting for the livelihood of your body, you have to remember the Father. Continue to move along while considering there to be benefit for you in following shrimat. Do not follow the dictates of your own mind.

# Blessing:

**May you be an intense effort-maker and use the powers of thought and speech accurately and powerfully.**

Intense effort-makers, that is, the children who are going to go into the first division use the power of thought and the power of speech accurately and powerfully; they do not become loose in this. They always remember the slogan: Speak less, speak softly, speak sweetly. Their every word is yogyukt and yuktiyukt. They only speak the words that are necessary and they do not waste their energy in speaking wasteful words or words of expansion. They constantly stay in solitude.

# Slogan:                        

A complete destroyer of attachment is one who even renounces any right to the consciousness of “mine”.