---
layout: post
title:  a post with videos
date: 2023-11-24 05:05:00
description: this is what included videos could look like
tags: formatting videos
categories: sample-posts
---

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iRUvrGvLpVk?si=IzKdeoJcs4H-x8J8" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

# Essence:
Sweet children, only when there is cleanliness and honesty in your hearts will the arrow of the true things you say strike the target. You now have the company of the true Father, therefore, be honest and truthful.

# Question:
What is it essential for you students to be cautious about?

# Answer:
Whenever you make a mistake, you have to tell the truth. It is only by telling the truth that you will make progress. You mustn’t take personal service from others. If you take service here, you will have to serve there. You students have to study well and teach others, because only then will the Father be pleased. The Father is the Ocean of Love and His love is that He educates you children and gives you a high status.

# Essence for dharna:

- Give the return of love of the Father, the Ocean of Love. Study well and teach others. You have to follow shrimat.

- First of all, imbibe knowledge with honesty and a clean heart and then inspire others to imbibe it. Stay in the company of the one Father.

# Blessing:

**May you become sensible and free of sins by knowing the importance of the directions given by the instrument souls.**

Sensible children will never think that perhaps the directions being given by the instrument souls are given because of someone saying something to them. Never have such waste thoughts about the instrument souls. Even if someone makes a decision that you do not like, you are not responsible for that and so you will not accumulate sin in that because it is the Father who made that one an instrument and He can change that sin. This significance is incognito; it is incognito machinery.

# Slogan:                        

An honest person loves God and loves the world, not one who loves to rest.