---
layout: post
title:  28th November 2023 sakaar Murli
date: 2023-11-28 05:05:00
description: this is what included videos could look like
tags: formatting videos
categories: sample-posts
---


{% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sZsSnDfT71I?si=gKc_qvARkIzTy_7W" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}

<!-- <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iRUvrGvLpVk?si=IzKdeoJcs4H-x8J8" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div> -->

# Essence:
Sweet children, this knowledge is butter and devotion is buttermilk. The Father gives you butter in the form of this knowledge and makes you into the masters of the world. This is why they show butter in the mouth of Shri Krishna.

# Question:
How can you recognise someone whose intellect has faith? What attainment is there on the basis of faith?

# Answer:
1. The children whose intellects have faith are the true moths who surrender themselves to the Flame, not those who simply circle around. Only those who surrender themselves to the Flame enter the kingdom. Those who simply circle around become part of the subjects.
2. The promise of the children whose intellects have faith is: “Even in the most adverse situations, I will not let go of my religion.” Their intellects have true love and so they forget all their bodily religions and their bodies and stay in remembrance of the Father.

# Essence for dharna:

1. Become a Shiv Shakti and benefit the world. On the basis of purity, change human beings who are worth shells and make them worth diamonds.

2. According to shrimat, donate the vices and become fully viceless, 16 celestial degrees full. Become the moths who surrender themselves to the Flame.

# Blessing:

**May you become a powerful soul and an embodiment of remembrance while overcoming adverse situations by considering them to be “side scenes.”**

Because souls who are embodiments of remembrance are powerful, they consider adverse situations to be games. No matter how big the situations may be, for powerful souls, all of those are “side scenes” on the path to their destination. People actually spend money to go and see “side scenes.” For powerful souls who are embodiments of remembrance, whether you call it an adverse situation, a paper or an obstacle, all of them are side scenes. You are aware that you have passed those “side scenes” on the way to your destination countless times; it is nothing new.

# Slogan:                        

Instead of correcting others, make a connection with the Father and you will continue to experience blessings.

# Sweet elevated versions of Mateshwari

**There is no benefit in just chanting the mantra of “om”.**

To chant “om” means to sing this constantly. When we say the word “om”, it does not mean that we have to say it out loud. There is no benefit in life by simply saying “om”. However, by being stable in the meaning of “om” and by knowing the meaning of that word “om”, human beings can have peace in their lives. People definitely want to have peace, and they have many conferences to establish that peace. However, the result seen is that there is greater peacelessness and causes of sorrow. The main reason is that there cannot possibly be peace on earth until human beings have destroyed the five vices. So first, every human being has to control their five vices and connect the strings of their souls to the Supreme Soul; only then can there be peace. So, let each person ask the self: Have I destroyed the five vices in me? Have I made the effort to conquer them? If they ask, “How can I control the five vices in me?” show them this method. First of all, give the dhoop (fragrance from incense sticks) of this knowledge and yoga. Then, together with that, tell them the elevated versions of the Supreme Soul: Connect the yoga of your intellect to Me, take power from Me and by your remembering Me, the Almighty Authority, God, the vices will continue to be removed. We now have to make this much spiritual endeavour, that God Himself comes and teaches us. Achcha.