---
layout: post
title:  29th November 2023 sakaar Murli
date: 2023-11-29 05:05:00
description: this is what included videos could look like
tags: formatting videos
categories: sample-posts
---


{% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3AYvKpApDJI?si=szubITAyBizLyi2i" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}

<!-- <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.html path="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iRUvrGvLpVk?si=IzKdeoJcs4H-x8J8" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div> -->

# Essence:
Sweet children, make your intellects and thoughts so pure and clean that you can imbibe shrimat accurately and thereby glorify the Father’s name.

# Question:
Which stage of you children will show (reveal) the Father?

# Answer:
When your stage is such that your faces are constantly cheerful, that you are unshakeable and immovable and you remain stable and intoxicated, you will then be able to reveal the Father. Such clever children with a constant stage are able to give everyone the Father’s introduction accurately.

# Essence for dharna:

1. Make your stage unshakeable and immovable and one of great intoxication. Keep your face constantly cheerful.

2. Remain in the pure pride of this knowledge and reveal the Father. Prove who the God of the Gita is and give everyone the true introduction of the Father.

# Blessing:

**May you be a true server and, as an embodiment of remembrance, remind souls of themselves.**

Using your features of an embodiment of remembrance, to make others into embodiments of remembrance, is to do true service. Let your features remind others that they are souls and that when they look at someone’s forehead, let them see the sparkling soul or jewel. Just as when people see the jewel on a snake, their attention does not go to the snake itself, in the same way, seeing the imperishable, sparkling jewel, let them forget body consciousness and their attention automatically go to the soul. Let those who have forgotten this become aware and you will then be said to be a true server.

# Slogan:                        

Destroy the intellect that imbibes defects and adopt a satopradhan and divine intellect.